Employee Number 53
By Grallieson

     Day in and day out I have been at a soul sucking, isolating job. My life is a lonely one. It all started one morning when I woke up to the sound of my alarm. I got up, got dressed and headed to the bus. The walk to the nearest station. The walk was slow and boring with old buildings erect on each side in its claustrophobic arrangements. After a few blocks of them I came to a small shopping corner. A Dollar store on one edge, different food chains on the other. Not thinking much of it I crossed the street and hopped on the bus. It turned one street to another, winding around corners. My stop came, in front of me was this huge imposing stone building with a metal sign reading 'Treatment Plant'. I take a big breath and step off the bus. I headed to my station, as I did, I passed the lab. A group of people in white lab coats are looking through microscopes and writing things down. Unsure what happens there, I shrug before walking through the doors to my base of operations.
     Inside is large enclosure with only a small window right there below the celling. The sound of construction happening in the area beside this. In the centre of the room is a mountain of boxes piled on the table in front of me. I stare at that mountain of boxes that I knew needed to be processed. I sighed before moving the first few boxes over to my desk. I began removing the tape that was coating the box. The first box was covered in 5 layers of tape. I reached over for an exact-o-knife, then began slicing at the tape, making sure as to not damage the box nor the labels that were on it. Every cut was made to ease the tearing of the tape. Once I saw that there was no more tape covering the box, I opened it, checking to see if all of the contents was there and that the label and the info on the paper matched. Inside was a bottle and a note inside. I grabbed the paper and checked the information to see if it matched what was inside the box. Once satisfied I placed the paper back inside and I set the cooler aside. I proceeded to the next one then the next in succession. As time passes someone comes in with more boxes to be processed. I grown as he does before carrying on with my task. Time passed and I began to get tired so I walked a chair, sat down and looked up at the tall ceiling with a huge huff.
     I thought to my self how repetitively pointless it all was. At times I feel like more of an item; just a number. It doesn’t help that I was designated one; employee number 53. Then someone came over to my station requesting that I have a quick meeting with them. A agreed and headed to their area. Once there they complained that the amount of work was not to their standards. I bit my tongue as they berated me. Once that was done I headed back to my station filled with anger. Thoughts started swirling in my head as I continue removing tape.  ‘You are a selfish, self absorbed asshole. Who would ever be friends with you? I mean really? A useless, skill-less, friendless loser’. When all of the boxes were cleared of the tape I turned on the computer that was on the other side of the table and went to an excel document. I proceeded to plug in data that was on the boxes. Cell by cell I plugged in values and moving boxes until there was none left. I checked the time on the computer and saw that it was 3:00. I quickly saved the file, then headed to the boxes that I set aside. I looked for the nearest tape dispenser and began re-taping the boxes and moving them onto a cart. The repetitive movements lulled me. Grab a box, hit the side of the box with a tape dispenser, move the dispenser toward the body, snap the tape, then move the box onto a cart, over and over. Once I was done I printed the doc, moved the cart to the garage door then headed out.
     Weeks of going through the motions at my job, eventually I got into a rhythm. I started to enjoy what I was doing. Or at least complacent and alone. The tasks got boring and I felt the silence emptiness of being alone during work hours. I decided that I needed to be more social so the next day I went to talk to some of the employees that I work with. The next day I felt my heart pound in my chest as I prepared myself for work. This is the first time in a while I made friends. I was not sure if I could. Taking a quick breath, I grabbed my backpack and headed to work. When I got there I went up to one of the people in a lab coat named Ben.
     “Hi Ben, how are you” I said nervously.
     “Hi, I am fine” he replied.
     I pondered what to say next. With nothing coming to mind, I walked to my station to continue working. As I did so I was coming up with more questions to ask. At lunch I went to ask Ben more about himself.
     “Hey Ben, what do you do for a hobby”, I asked.
     “I play D&D 5e with a group of friends on the weekend”, he responded.
     I nodded and said “That is cool. Can I join you on the next campaign”.
     “I will check with the GM, but I am sure it will be fine. Ask again in a week, I will bring this conversation up in the next session.” he replied.
     “That sounds good, cannot wait to hear a response, thanks” I said, before heading back to work.
     At the end of the day I went home, read the players handbook to review the games rules. It has been a while since I played any TTRPGs. Feeling more confident with myself, I was ready for the next weeks of work and build my relation further.

The End.