     The horrific experience happened on my walk back home. I worked till dark, so the streets were deserted. The quiet was overwhelming. As I walked, I suddenly felt a presence watching me. I could not see anyone, so I thought it to be paranoia and continued walking. The further I traveled the more it felt as though someone was stalking me. I began to increase my pace hoping to get home as fast as possible. Not wanting to be out here for that much longer. The walk soon turned into a full-on sprint and after a while I could no longer manage to run. Out of breath I stopped, heart pounding I turned around and saw someone 2 heads taller than me sidestep behind a corner. What do they want from me, I thought to myself. Unsure if continuing to my place was good, I headed to my friends for added security. It was at that moment I heard muffled screams coming from the direction the other person went. My avid curiosity and concern for who ever was there took me to the sight of noise and saw my stalker stand there, blood covered knife in hand. I looked down to see my neighbor laying there dead. Paying no attention to me they knelt to examine the dead body and a piece of paper and muttered "yah this is the person I am meant to kill. Now there is one more person on the list." to themself. With what I witnessed I ran screaming for the guard. A few seconds later I felt a hand grasp my mouth. Before going unconscious I heard the guards try to catch the murderer.

     I awoke in my bed and scratched my head. "What a dream" I mumbled as I got dressed. The moment I was out the door I was approached by two guards who asked me to head to the station for some questions about the stranger. I went in and told my part of the story and left. Walking down the hall I saw the tall person in a cell sitting, leaning on the wall. A though crossed my mind as I remembered what I heard from this stranger. "He must be a hired hitman; I don't care the reason he was hired; I want him out of the town". I continued down when I saw someone whisper to the guards. After I saw the murderer walk out took a stare at me and continued out. No one was escorting them. "Why are they being set free!" I screamed concerned to have someone that has killed. The response was that they were hired to kill those associated with an evil organization. Unsure how to feal about any of this I headed home and wrote in a journal. This human was hired by our mayor to kill someone. I guess I will stay home for a while to process all that occurred.