Haunted Maize Maze
By Grallieson

     It was a warm autumn morning. The sun crept up in a warm orange glow. The crisp cool wind flows past my skin as I walked through a field of pumpkins, round, ready for harvesting. The ground squished at our feet. Skipping in front of me is a hyperactive child, hands swaying as he moved. "Careful where you skip Liam" a voice called from beside me. The child stopped and ran back to us and shouted "Dad, can we grab a pumpkin to carve, can we, can we, can we", jumping up and down as he shouted. "Of course you can, we will grab one after lunch" my father, Alex said passively. "But dad, I want one now" Liam complained. "I said after lunch now quit complaining" Alex returned. "Yah Liam stop complaining" I retorted back as I looked down at my phone. "Stop pestering your brother, Greg" Alex said. I grunted back, ignoring my surroundings. I tripped on a vine causing me to stumble a little. I dropped my phone as I attempted to keep balance. I stopped to pick up my phone, then looked up to see that the others continued ahead of me. I quickly powerwalked my way back to them, watching for more vines. "Thanks for waiting" I huffed in an exasperated tone as I grabbed Alex's hand. He squeezed it and gave a quiet grunt as we continued walking the trail in silence. Liam's tune lightened up as he began looking at all the pumpkins again.
     The longer we walked the harder the ground felt, until we stopped at wall of corn with their stocks raised to the sky with its yellowy hew. We looked for an opening to the maize field. To one side of the wall there was a big gap. When we got to the opening, I saw a little child run straight in, not looking back. "Don't go to far!" Alex shouted, increasing pace as he said it. "Great the bugger ran off; we might be here for a while" I grumbled to myself. "What was that?" Alex said. "Nothing" I exclaimed before crossing my arms looking to the sky. I gave a loud sigh before returning to my phone which I saw had thirty percent battery life left and no bars. "Come back here" Alex shouted as he gabbed my arm and increase his pace. We turned left and right through the labyrinth shouting out to Liam with no answer. I looked to my side to see the panic in his eyes. I also felt my heart begin to speedup a bit, eyes darting side to side. We spent hours traveling deeper in the maze searching to nothing. A couple minutes later Alex grabbed his phone and tried to turn it on. The screen stayed black. "Go call 911" Alex commanded so I turned on my phone. I looked to see that there was two percent before immediately turning off. I looked at him and shrugged my shoulders.
     As the sun began to set Alex became increasingly worried about Liam. The sound of crows screeching, and owls hooting was prevalent in the air. It got dark enough that we needed to take out a flashlight, so we took some out and continued walking, shouting out to Liam. I got increasingly irritated and began grumbling under my breathe. "Will you quit it and help find Liam, Liam!!!", Alex retorted. "Fine" I breathed before screaming out for Liam as well, sulking as I did. Over time, I got tired of walking and began to slow down and dragged on Alex's arm. We stopped for a while. "What is your problem, your brother is missing. Have a little more concern to find him" Alex said aggressively. "Fine, lets keep looking then" I said in a passive aggressive tone as I started moving with increased vigor. We walked a little further before hearing a rustling noise to one side. I jumped up startled as I quickly turned to where the noise was. It was a squirrel stuttering about. Relieved, I continued walking, when suddenly I heard a loud howling noise coming from the other direction. I quickly turned around to see a humanoid figure in a farmer outfit hanging to a cross, head covered by a burlap sack covered in scratches. Without thinking I ran in the opposite direction. Alex shouted out to me, but I was long gone. I ran for quite some time before looking back to see that there was no one around. I looked up at the sky to a round white moon shining up. The mixture of calm and concerned filled me up. I started shouting for either Liam or Alex.
     I walked just a little longer before seeing Liam curled up, crying on the path to my left. I walked slowly up to him thinking 'thank goodness, now we can leave'. I sat next to him and hesitantly moved my arm around his shoulder. "Hey Liam, what is wrong" I said in a quiet voice. Liam sniffled and said, "I am sorry I ran off, its so... so scary out here". "I know, lets find dad now, then we might go out for some ice cream" I said before lifting Liam. We continued our way taking each left in the hopes of escape. After a while Liam calmed down so I asked, "you think you can walk". Liam nodded as I put him down. "Good, lets march on then" I said as we continued walking. Another howl was heard from afar. Liam hugged tightly to arm as we marched on. We turned another corner, and my flashlight hit another one of the scarecrows. Liam screamed and started to pull my arm hard in the opposite direction. I halted, grabbing his arm with my other hand, pulling him in for an embrace. "Its ok, it's just a scarecrow" I said. Liam calmed down a bit, then continue walking slowly.
     As we walked, we heard a voice call out and another light illuminated upon some of the stocks to our right. I snuck a peek to see that there was someone wearing a mask. Unsure whether to trust them, we snuck around. 'Snap' went a twig. I saw that the masked figure turned in our direction. The masked figure began to walk in our direction and shouted something. Without thinking I dropped my flashlight and bolted. As we ran, Liam's hand slipped out of mine. I stopped to pick him up then suddenly I heard a familiar voice from behind the masked figure. We stopped to see who they are. I looked closely to see a badge on the person and behind him was Alex. Liam ran straight to Alex and hugged his leg. "Let's head home" Alex said. We quickly grabbed our pumpkins, loaded it in the car and headed home to reminisce on what happened that day.

The End
