Lost and Frozen
By Grallieson

     The trees swayed; birds chirped happily along as I walked through the forest path. All seemed peaceful as I continued along the trail. Wandering the trail, the scent of flowers in the air. Nothing could possibly go wrong. That was until I felt something wet hit me on the top of my head. I looked and saw a few snowflakes begin to fall. Concerned, I started back to my car. Once I made it to the edge of the forest, the snow fell more rapidly. The cold seeped thru my jacket; the wind blew hard and fast. I looked at the empty parking section then found my old, rusted car. I entered it and put the key in the ignition; turned the key. "khh, khh, khh, khh, khh". Turned it again to the same sound. "Darned piece of garbage, START". I tried once more to the same result. I attempted to call someone. I went into my pocket and picked up my phone. I look at my phone to see no bars. "Perfect" I blurt out, thinking of what to do. The longer I waited the colder it got until the only thought I had was to go venture out to find a place to stay. With nothing better to do I grabbed another jacket and headed out along the road toward the highway.
     I walked against the wind as many flakes flew past stabbing at my face. I, at times, needed to walk backward to reduce the pain of the constant piercing jabs. I found myself lost, looking at a grey fuzzy blur, hardly able to see past my hands as I walked. I continued forward hoping to find a place to stay. "Shit...fuck it is so cold" I exhaled, trudging ever forward until I saw a light not far from where I was heading. It was faint but all that went through my mind was the warmth of the indoors and how much cozier it would be there. I attempted to dash towards the light but the moment I took the first step my leg gave way, collapsing to the ground. Desperate, I started crawling as fast as I could to what I later saw was a wooden cabin sitting alone on the frozen hellscape. I grasped at the door handle with my numb hand; jiggled it. "Locked" I hissed, as I knocked on the door hoping someone would open it. Suddenly, the door burst open, gusts of wind blowing on my back pushing me into the building. Then 'slam' the door closed behind me. As it slammed my hands became splintered. I brushed it off as just the cold as I looked around the room. It was a quaint little area with a fire place off in one corner and a table to the other. I fumbled my way to the fireplace. Halfway to the fireplace all went black. My mind went blank as if in a trancelike state, nearly conscience. When my focus returned, I found myself next to a lit fire. That I found strange but didn't bother to question the situation I sat warming myself.
     Later that day, I started hearing voices coming from the other room. I snuck to see what it was to find no one there. "Ok, I am ok. no one is around. you are hearing things" I stated trying to sooth myself. Suddenly, 'Crash', I twisted my body around to where the sound was to see that a picture fell; the nail bent, glass spread. Paranoia driving its way throughout my body. I couldn't rest until the whole area was searched before returning to the fire. As I turned my head, I saw a shadowy figure in the corner of my eye. I shuffled myself to the corner of the room concerned as last I checked I was the only one staying at this place. A while later, I decided to get close to find out what cast that shadow. I peered around to see that no one was there. "Yep, I think I am losing it" I blurted feeling agitated now. I sat back down by the fireplace alone. I look around at the empty room and think about how depressing, dull, and empty it feels here. The empty quiet slowly dug its way into my skin as I suddenly got the urge to be around someone. I looked out the window to the sight of grey and white streaks. "Oh great, the storm is still going on" I said, feeling desperate to leave. The longer I waited the more I felt my insides begin to burn up. The desire to hear someone speak gave me chills. " I have to get out of here, I need to be back home" I screamed, as I attempted to call someone, no answer.  A bit of me thought of just running out into the cold again. The sudden hush of wind dissuaded me.
     I sat there watching the fire slowly die down. When it was nearly out, I tried to get the table to the fire, but it was bolted to the floor. I looked outside to see that the snow was gently falling to the ground, and the sky was a dark blue with some orange to the west. Deciding that now is the best time to leave, I walked out. The moment I stepped out the cold penetrated my skin, and I immediately coughed as I sucked in my first breathe. I started heading west in hopes to find a village. Not long after, my legs began to sting. Hope for civilization seemed bleak when suddenly I heard the lightest wis of a car. I looked to my left to see that off in the distance is a road. I bolted hoping that that street was busy, or there were at least a few cars out there. I stopped for a moment to think "This could be an illusion. A trick of my subconscious". Not caring about who I met up with I continued runnung toward the road. Once there I waited a few seconds and saw another car zoom past. I raised my hand in the hopes that they would see. The car came to a screeching halt. I looked inside to see no one. I rubbed my eyes, as I did so "need a lift bud". I opened my eyes to see someone with a beard. I agreed and said that I want to be dropped off at the nearest hotel.
     The drive went on uneventfully, but the at the hotel I felt unease. Nothing crazy happened, but I swear that there was someone watching from the window. I looked out to see no one. I close the blinds and start to sleep. I tossed and turned. My mind both beginning to relax and running a mile a minute about the experience. I know that there is no one at the cabin and that the weather was meant to be warm but, everything seemed to go its own way. Once day broke, I took the first bus home and called up a phycologist for the whole experience.

The End.