The Downtown Crash
By Grallieson

     It all started on a bus. I was heading to work, bag on my lap in front of me. I was looking out the window as building after building whizzed past. Fast food, marijuana, and bars all melded into what seemed to be the cacophony of the Downtown area. The bus turned onto a side street where it began to weave down one side street to another. I never knew where I was. All I knew was the stop name and that I end up at there. I continued looking outside, the buildings that stood along these streets were a bland repetitive grey. Living areas and convince stores littered the area. One turn later, I heard the bus blare its horn. I was shot forward, hitting my head against the seat, then blanked out.
     I felt something touch my face. I woke up and imminently felt pain coming from my forehead. I slowly opened my eyes, attempting to ignore the pain. I lay there looking to my side. I saw that I was laying on a sidewalk, the bus just in the distance appeared to be horribly damaged. "No way to get to work on time now", I grumbled as I attempted to pull myself up. "Don't try to get up, you have sustained a lot of injuries during the crash" a voice said from the top of my head. I tilted my head and strained my eyes upward to the voice. I saw that the voice came from someone with long brown hair that went down below the shoulders, blood covered face. She was carrying a Med-pack as she was tending to someone else. Feeling comforted I closed my eyes listening to the chatter of people as I slowly drifted off to sleep.
     I awoke suddenly when I was lifted from my ankles and armpits onto a gurney. A siren blared in the background. "Are you OK sir" a voice called out to me. I grunted in reply, as they began wheeling me into the ambulance and drove down to the nearest hospital. The siren continued blaring as I stared blankly at the ceiling while one of the paramedics were searching my stuff for an id. They spotted a government issued id and began asking about date of birth and name. I responded in a raspy low whisper "John, February 8th 2001". "Good" they replied as the ambulance steadied to a halt. They opened the doors and pushed the gurney as fast as they could through the building until they reached one of the rooms to the right. There I lay in wait, as the bustling of nurses ran back and forth to get the others into there own room. I lay there silently for a little before looking to my left. There lay an elderly woman with multiple bruises and bandages over her body. Not wanting to think about what previously transpired, I decided to alleviate myself. I saw that there was a TV hanging up at the corner of the room. I turned my head to the table beside me to see if there is a remote; there wasn't any. I groaned and stubbornly sat, not wanting to disturb anyone.
     Hours passed before one of them came in and said "there is nothing more we could do, go home and have a rest". With little warning they dragged me out of the building with bag in hand. I was outside bandages on my forehead and unsure where I was. I looked around and right in front of me was a hooded figure standing under a street light. I could feel them staring at me. I turned to my left eyes transfixed to the figure as I walked. I turned a corner and began looking around at my surroundings. The area was grey. The buildings sprouted out of the ground and shown their drab repetitive, similarities. It was difficult to discern direction. There was very few landmarks. I attempted to look above the roofs in hopes that there was something. Off in the distance, I saw a tall sky scraper. I headed in that direction. Suddenly I heard a shuffling noise from behind me. I turned my head. I saw a few feet from me the hooded figure from earlier. I opened my mouth prepared to scream. They quickly pressed their hand to my mouth and removed their hood. I immediately recognised them from college. He was my old room-mate from college.
     "Hey John, long time no see" he said before lowering his hand.
     "Hey, yah, it has been a while. What have you been up to" I stammered.
     "I work at a grocery store just down the road there" he said as he pointed behind himself.
     "Oh that is cool I work for a small software company just north of the downtown area."
     "You are pretty far from there. What are you doing here."
     "I was in a bus crash and taken to the hospital, it was crazy."
     "Oh, I did see you wander out from there. Are you OK?"
     "Yes I am fine now. Just need to head home. I'll call the company and tell them why I was absent and might be absent for a little. Can you direct me to a bus station?"
     "Sure, follow me"
     We began walking together. He directed me to a near bus stop. All the buildings seemed the same, it was astounding that anyone can navigate through these mundane streets. It was long walk and we seemed to be turning down street corner after street corner until we came to a poll containing the bus numbers. I looked at it to see if there was any bus numbers I recognise. There was one that I remember gets me pretty close which was Bus 28. I stood there and said "It was nice to see you. We should meet again some time". "Yah that would be great here is my number" he returned as he wrote his cellular phone number on an old receipt, then left.
     I stood there thinking about that crash. The more I stood the more nervous I got. The notion of getting on one of them again filled me with dread. When a bus did arrived I stood there paralysed. The door opened and I heard "hey, are you coming on". I hesitated for a moment, then made one big gulp, and slowly shuffled forward. Once I was at the door I stopped and stared inside. The driver seemed aggravated and repeated the question. I lifted my left leg while the right arm trembled to the bar. I entered the bus and grabbed my card to scan it. I proceeded to a seat and looked out the window. This time I was looking at every car and random light that whizzed past. Every flicker made my stomach curl. I closed my eyes and began to sway forward and back in my seat, thinking about my warm comfortable bed and resting for the week. The bus made a few stops before I finally opened my eyes to see what bus stop we were at. "It seemed that the next stop will be mine", I breathed as yanked on the cord beside me. The bus jerked to a halt I grabbed a hold to the bar practically hugging it. I slowly moved to the door, pressed the yellow strip and hopped off.
     I walked into my apartment complex and grabbed my keys from my bag. I rummaged around and unlocked the door. I entered, closed the door then started to sob uncontrollably. I ran directly to my bed, landed face first onto the mattress and began crying. Before long, I fell into a deep slumber.
