Tinnitus
By Grallieson

     It started suddenly. A low, persistent hum resonated in my ear. It rang out and no mater where I was it still was audible. The sound, so prominent, numbed my ears. The side of my face felt fuzzy and flushed. I placed my hands to my ears in hope of it to go away. When I did, it vanished. It altered from a vibrating sensation to the sound of whooshing. I slept on my left side and there was only minor vibrating in the left. The next night sleeping on the right and woke in the middle of the night to a loud hum. The sound I was hearing concerned me to the point that I planned to go to the hospital.
     The next day, I walked to the hospital and went to the walk-in clinic. I waited 3 hours for them to check on me. The wait was excruciatingly long. An hour in I felt fidgety. Moving my hands to my ear then back down, then looking at the clock on the wall. When my name was called I walled in. The meeting was short and got little help from them. I set up an appointment with the family doctor. When the day arrived, they checked the blood pressure and my ear. They said that my blood pressure was on the high end of normal and sent a referral to ENT.
     I waited months for a response. I later got a call from ENT saying that it was nothing. They never check my ears for anything. Their certainty was both reassuring and irritating. I planned another visit from the doctor. The feeling of rage swelled in me. The idea of waiting for no help annoyed me. I felt defeated. The sound persisted in differing intensities daily. I placed earphones in and played pink noise. That reduced the sound. I tried to do more exercise in hope that it was a blood pressure problem. Nothing notable change occurred for a while. Then after the doctor the issue seemed less prominent. The answer was tinnitus. I hated that response but my belief that it was a blood problem propelled me to keep on exercise. Months went by and I slowly came to terms that this was my life now.

The End.