Zombification
By Grallieson

     I woke to the sound of birds chirping. Excited to adventure a nearby forest I got ready. I grabbed my camera and hat and bolted out the door. The walk was slow and calming as I traversed the forest. The closer I got the more life I saw. The deeper I walked the denser the forest was. It became harder and harder to traverse as the roots crossed over themselves causing me to walk slower. Stopping frequently to take photos of the wildlife that scurries the area. As the day went on, I started to smell something foul. The smell of rotting and decay mixed with leaves. Unsure how to react to the assault I planned to steer clear of what was ahead. Feeling nauseated, I headed back. As I did, I heard rustling of footsteps. I was sure that there was no one was around, I got a little concerned. Hoping to take one more picture of what ever it was I readied my camera and turned around to something horrifying. It was a rotting corpse standing, hunched over, eye sockets hollow with maggots crawling out of one. Its skin wrinkled, scared and nearly coming off the body. Its grotesque figure sent chills down my spine. Frozen in place I felt the camera fall and hit the ground. The corpse began to stumble its way toward the sound. With little hesitation I began to run in the opposite direction. The branches slashed at my cheek and the floor slowing the pace. The further I ran the more slashes I got. I tripped on a root and fell to the ground. Scared I got up and darted behind a tree. I began to feel the stinging pain from the slashing of before and some tingling sensations that I brushed off as just a sweat bead. Unsure whether to go back to get the camera I quietly looked around the tree to see if I saw any sign of that thing. As I did, I felt a slight prick coming from my back. I reached for my back the sensation of a moving lump. Without thinking I pushed against it and brush it down. "Ugg, these bugs" I grumbled, then decided that what I saw was just my imagination and headed back for my camera. As I headed back, I felt my heart pound louder. I rounded a corner to find my camera laying next to the standing corpse. Contemplating how to get the camera back I heard something off in the distance. With that sound I noticed that the began to stumble away. Once it left, I snuck to the camera to pick it up and headed home.
     Once I got back, I immediately checked my camera to see if there was an image of what I saw. Nothing came up so I just headed up to bed. The next day I felt a little headed. Thinking nothing of it I lay in bed recalling what happened yesterday. "What a strange hallucination" I croaked. Moments later, I started feeling a pounding in my skull. My heart pounded hard enough to be felt on the top of my head. Hearing the hush of blood as it passed by the ear. Every moment was irritatingly painful. Thinking it was only a cold I headed to bed. I lay there on the pillow with the thumping sensation in my skull. I closed my eyes. My mind still very active on what to do when it is over or if it will ever be over. It took a couple hours but eventually I was sleeping. The next day the feeling got worst. Days went by with this persistent sound and panging in the skull. Eventually it got to the point that I couldn't sleep. My skin felt loose on my body. It got to the point that I needed to know what was going on. I decided to walk to the doctors, so I grab my coat. Once the coat was on, my mind went blank. All thought seemed to melt away. I was empty, as if I was dead. When I regained thought I headed to my camera ready for another walk. I got the camera and headed to the door. Suddenly, I heard screaming coming from out my window. I looked out to see a bunch of people running on the street. I looked to what they were running from to see that it was a hunched man who was limping towards them. His skin pealing from the bones; eyes bulbous as it slowly popped out of its socket. I immediately closed the curtain. "This isn't real, this isn't real" I repeated as dropped to the ground, rocking myself. Suddenly my mind went blank again. Awhile later I awoke and noticed that my skin peeling. Concerned, I headed to the hospital. I walked out to see the area deserted. All the house's curtains shut and not a car in sight. Paying little mind to this, I walked on.
     I reached the hospital to see chains on the door. Looking through the window I saw that there was no one there. "Strange" I said as I pounded on the door. My knuckles began to splinter to the point that bone was visible; no blood was spewing out. I checked my phone to see if I cannot schedule an appointment. Suddenly, there was nothingness as another flash of retrograde amnesia hit. It seemed to take minutes of my life. As I came out of it, I looked down to see that there was a dead body ripped open laying next to me. The taste of blood in my mouth. I felt something hanging from the side of my mouth. I wiped it off the see red liquid with a chunk of something squishy. I started breathing heavily. Eyes going in an out of focus as my mind rattled with different thoughts. "Holy shit- oh shit, ohh" I breathed, hands clasped together in front of my mouth. I looked around to find my self on a road intersection. Not knowing what to do, I ran home to wash up. My skin flapped about, some managed to fly right off. I got to the front door, scars along my body. I was losing feeling to my body. I stood there for a moment in a trance then entered the house and took a shower. Once I was out of the shower the phone rang. I picked it up to hear a familiar voice. "Hey John. How's it going. I am calling to check up on you. I saw on the news that there were sightings of zombies in your area" the voice said. "Yah I am good. Skin seems loose though" I said. "Don't go anywhere I will be right over" he said then hung up. I stood there for a bit, my consciousness fading and returning in waves. Then I saw my friend coming to my house from the window. I open the door to greet him. The day went on with little happening then, suddenly, I found myself over my friend's body. I looked at my hands in horror. I saw magots and blood in my hand. "no... nonono, it can't be. what have I done" I said, tears began to fall from my face. Suddenly, I heard a click sound. I turned my head to see a fuzzy black blob pointed straight at my forehead. I wiped my eyes to see that it was a gun. I screamed then 'Bang'. The gun went off and all went still. I was at peace.

The End.